Document feature flag 'created-timestamp-zero-ingestion' (#13279)
prometheus/prometheus: docs/feature_flags.md

Enables PromQL functions that are considered experimental and whose name or
semantics could change.

## Created Timestamps Zero Injection

`--enable-feature=created-timestamp-zero-ingestion`

> Enables ingestion of created timestamps as a injection of samples with 0 value for created timestamp (when appropriate). See PromCon talk <https://youtu.be/nWf0BfQ5EEA?feature=shared> for details on the created timestamp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables ingestion of created timestamp. Created timestamps are injected as 0 valued samples when appropriate. See [PromCon talk](https://youtu.be/nWf0BfQ5EEA) for details.
```

Reviewer: Don't treat my suggestions literally @ArthurSens (: `<Link>` was just semantically what would be nice, not literal structure of link in markdown (:

Author: My bad, for some reason I thought you were saying that this is how links are shown in the website 😅

Enables PromQL functions that are considered experimental and whose name or
semantics could change.

## Created Timestamps Zero Injection

`--enable-feature=created-timestamp-zero-ingestion`

> Enables ingestion of Created Timestamps as injection of samples with 0 as value. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables ingestion of created timestamps as a injection of samples with 0 value for created timestamp (when appropriate). See PromCon talk <link> for details on the created timestamp.
```

> Created timestamps are only supported by the traditional Prometheus Protobuf protocol. When enabling this feature,
> therefore, the default scrape protocol will be switched to Prometheus Protobuf.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```suggestion
Currently Prometheus supports created timestamp only on the traditional Prometheus Protobuf protocol (WIP for other protocols). As a result, when enabling this feature, the Prometheus protobuf scrape protocol will be prioritized (See `scrape_config.scrape_protocols` settings for more details).
```

Besides enabling this feature in Prometheus, created timestamps need to be exposed by the application being scraped.

> So far, only Prometheus Go Client has support for it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Perhaps I would remove this part as it's easy to change soon and we will for sure forget to update this piece of documentation (:

Author: yeah fair point
